<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<title>Welcome to Sinciput</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Welcome to Sinciput</h1>
#if ($rerouterequest)
	<p>You have been re-routed from another page because Sinciput is not installed yet.</p>
#end
<p>You are now beginning the installation procedure for Sinciput.</p>
<p>Server root: $app_url<br/>
</p>

#if($ERRORS.containsKey("VerifyEnv"))
	<h2>Error</h2>
	<p><strong>Error:</strong> $ERRORS.get("VerifyEnv")</p>
	<p>You will need to fix errors before proceeding with the install.</p>p>
#else
	<h2>Verification</h2>
	<h3>The following locations will be used:</h3>
	<ul>
	<li>Base application: $app_path.</li>
	<li>Static files (CSS, images): $resource_path</li>
	<li>Configuration files: $config_path</li>
	</ul>
	<h3>The following locations will be created:</h3>
	<ul>
	<li>Repository: $fs_repo_path</li>
	<li>Index: $index_path</li>
	</ul>
	<p>You may need to edit the web application's web.xml file to change the 
	location of the repository or index.</p>

#end

#if($ERRORS.containsKey("InstallBase"))
	<h2>Error</h2>
	<p><strong>Error:</strong> $ERRORS.get("InstallBase")</p>
	<p>You will need to fix errors, and then <a href="$absolute_uri/install">restart the installation</a>.</p>
#else
	<p>A new Sinciput repository is now configured. Here are the details:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>$repo_create</li>
		<li>$index_create</li>
		<li>$settings_repo_create</li>
	</ul>
	
	<h2>Create a New User</h2>
<p>It is time to create a user. This first user will have special permissions in
Sinciput to perform maintenance tasks, backups, and so on.</p>
<form action="$absolute_uri/install2" method="post">
	<label for="username">User Name:</label>
	<input type="text" name="username" id="username" value="admin" />
	<br/>
	<label for="password">Password:</label>
	<input type="password" id="password" name="password" /><br/>
	<label for="password_verify">Verify Password:</label>
	<input type="password" name="password_verify" id="password_verify" /><br/>
	<input type="submit" value="Create User" /><br/>
	<label for="gn">First Name:</label>
	<input type="text" name="gn" id="gn" />
	<br/>
	<label for="sn">Last Name:</label>
	<input type="text" name="sn" id="sn" value="Admin" />
	<br/>
	<label for="email">Email:</label>
	<input type="text" name="email" id="email"/>
	<br/>
</form>
#end
</body>
</html>